- my privilege to teach you this
semester
enjoy your winter breaks and Merry
Christmas sup ladies excited for tonight
it is our last day of our last fall
semester of college ever
[Music]
can you take a photo of all of us of
course where's Helen nothing but she was
painting Bacchus ODIs earlier but she
looked really good she's we should know
better go back by herself she's fine
come on little
[Music]
[Applause]
if I were missing I'd want you to
unleash the bloodhounds and track me
down
she was a dko last night still creating
problems all right hello hello I'm
worried something bad happened it's
winter break
could just be delay of some sort snow my
friend is missing nine times out of ten
the girls just with a boyfriend I will
bring you to your knees
[Music]
what this can't be real the school has
200 years of history many sacrifices
have been made to keep our traditions
alive you're all insane
tired of hiding
I'm tired of running to mess with the
wrong sisters
[Music]